Update to Porting Packages page (#1936)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Porting-Packages-V8/index.md

meta.Description: "This guide will tell you how you can turn your Umbraco v7 package into an Umbraco v8 package"
---
# Porting packages to V8

> This is not a definitive guide for all scenarios but more of a working document which will evolve over time, especially as V8 matures. Due to this, please keep in mind that things in this guide may change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not a definitive guide for all scenarios but more of a working document which will evolve over time, especially as Umbraco 8 matures. Due to this, please keep in mind that things in this guide may change.
```

> You have a useful Umbraco package built for V7 and you would like to see it work for V8?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have a useful Umbraco package built for Umbraco 7 and you would like to see it work for Umbraco 8?
```

## Update package.xml for Umbraco ZIP packages

> As version 7 and version 8 of Umbraco have breaking changes in their APIs and code, it's recommended to ship a different version of your package to support V8 only. You'll need to update the package.xml in your Umbraco package zip to use the 8.0.0 version like so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As version 7 and version 8 of Umbraco have breaking changes in their APIs and code, it's recommended to ship a different version of your package to support Umbraco 8 only. You'll need to update the package.xml in your Umbraco package zip to use the 8.0.0 version like so.
```

## Initial testing

> Now you have updated and re-created a new package, it's time to test out your package be it via installing a local Umbraco ZIP package or installing it into a Website project via Nuget. You may have some final tweaking in relation to the UI as some parts of the Umbraco angular directives & components have changed slighlty. This may require you to tweak some of your Angular views & Javascript accordingly so that it feels more at home in the Umbraco V8 backoffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have updated and re-created a new package, it's time to test out your package be it via installing a local Umbraco ZIP package or installing it into a Website project via Nuget. You may have some final tweaking in relation to the UI as some parts of the Umbraco angular directives & components have changed slighlty. This may require you to tweak some of your Angular views & Javascript accordingly so that it feels more at home in the Umbraco 8 backoffice.
```
